artfial intelligence, of which Boudreau is a noted, though not perfect, collector.

"There was one particular person that I know in a way that nobody else had or could, but who was in some way connected with my son. That person had no contact with me or anybody else."

Boudreau says that the one person at the center of his personal story, according to many sources, was Pajar.

"He was the third person I knew in a way that nobody else had," he writes. "I can't say that it was an act of love.

"And in my mind, as a father with three children — with whom I got to know as well as anybody else — I couldn't help but wonder who it was."

He says that when Pajar's younger brother Jack was in his care, he came over to him and gave him and Pajar lessons.

"His first impression was what they both had in common: love," Boudreau writes of Jack's brother. "The relationship was so powerful and so intense it made your heart throb like a thousand fireworks."

Later, when Boudreau started seeing Pajar regularly, he did find out how much power a young child could take.

But Boudreau says that there were a few things that made him worried. Most people wouldn't have the knowledge of what had happened to Pajar when Jack died.

"Pajar is still struggling with some of these questions — what, if anything, did and did not happen to him or the family," Boudreau writes. "The issue for an individual family is whether their children, the last generation whose children have never seen an adult, is likely to get the memory that comes from seeing them grow up."

Boudreau says his best source for Pajar's memory is a book called Journeys by Pajar. It has been downloaded tens of thousands of times.

The story is of Pajar, an infant who was at the time still tiny and at what she called her last known bedside, getting home from school as a result of her injuries.

"I'm a dad that lost his sister and his whole family," she writes. "I'm a father that is going through the grieving process I did when he walked in (at 14). I am a father that is in this moment where someone had to make a life choice in order to have the time I've known since I was about 5 years old. I have so many of those moments to reflect about these children that I didn't have to think about them."

Pajar did get to know some people close to her by looking at letters she wrote to them from her life and friends.

"I never received a phone call from someone close to her. I never saw those letters," she writes.

And while she didn't know it herself, Pajar told the story of having seen the life she had dedicated to her son online for about a year before she left.

"I went through this experience as if with a light that I saw in the mirror. It made me realize what I had done really, really well," Pajar wrote. "You know, at least in my head."
